Update "Compiling from source" tutorial (#4010)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/compilation.rst

.. |gds link| replace:: **GPU Direct Storage**
.. _gds link: https://developer.nvidia.com/gpudirect-storage

> DALI is based on a bunch of open-source dependencies. We keep them in two locations. First of all, the [main DALI repository](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI) contains a ``third_party`` directory, which lists some of the dependencies. Secondly, we maintain a [separate ``DALI_deps`` repository](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI_deps), with the links to remaining dependencies. Please refer to the [``DALI_deps`` README file](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI_deps/blob/main/README.rst) for instructions, how to install the dependencies from that repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DALI is based on a several open-source dependencies. We keep them in two locations. First of all, the [main DALI repository](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI) contains a ``third_party`` directory, which lists the source code based dependencies. Secondly, we maintain a [separate ``DALI_deps`` repository](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI_deps), with the links to remaining dependencies. Please refer to the [``DALI_deps`` README file](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI_deps/blob/main/README.rst) for instructions, how to install the dependencies from that repository.
```

> DALI is based on a several open-source dependencies. We keep them in two locations. First of all, the `main DALI repository <https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI>`_ contains a ``third_party`` directory, which lists the source code based dependencies. Secondly, we maintain a `separate DALI_deps repository <https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI_deps>`_, with the links to remaining dependencies. Please refer to the `DALI_deps README file <https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI_deps/blob/main/README.rst>`_ for instructions, how to install the dependencies from that repository.

Author: done
